
The tape contains 4 tar files.  Each extracts into a single directory:

	ssmi_s2		platform data directories
	ssmi_s4
	ssmi_s5

	config		README (this file), display config files,
			and ingestor source

There are three platforms, all with the prefix "ssmi_": 

	ssmi_s2		Satellite 'craft id' 2 aka F-8
	ssmi_s4		Satellite 'craft id' 4 aka F-10
	ssmi_s5		Satellite 'craft id' 5 aka F-11

The original data files were named Sx.*, where 'x' was the craft id as
above.  For each satellite, only the antenna temperatures are calculated,
corresponding to each of the 7 channels of the microwave imager:

	'Low' frequencies, A scans only, 64 cells per scan:
	-----
	ta19v		Antenna temperature, 19 GHz vertical polarization
	ta19h		...and so on...
	ta22v
	ta37v
	ta37h

	'High' frequencies, A and B scans, 128 cells per scan:
	-----
	ta85v
	ta85h

Neither the surface-type index nor the brightness temperatures were
calculated.  They could be calculated later if necessary.  At this point I
am quite willing to do without trying to add the calculations.

I've included the source for the ingestor in case something needs to be
re-ingested.  The ingestor works by compiling consecutive scans into one
set, verifying that the scans are close to each other in time.  The lat/lon
location of each cell of each scan is converted to coordinates on a km grid
whose origin is the origin of the coare CAP plots.  A grid is designed
according to the range of the scan cells and the resolution parameter.
Since the high and low frequencies have different coverage, two different
mappings are generated for mapping scan cells into grid points.  A grid
point receives the closest cell within a specific radius.  For each of the
high- and low- mappings, the cell temperature values are filled into the
grid.  Grid points which did not fall into the range of the mapping are
filled with zero.  The scale and offset for compressing the temperatures
(K) into bytes are 1 and 100, respectively.  So fill values will show up as
temperatures of 100 K.  As long as the center and step of the raster plot
do not include 100 K, the raster plots will give a good representation of
the satellite scans.  Because of the radius limit, a series of bad scans
will appear broken up.

The parameters used to ingest this dataset, taken directly from the tcl
script:

set Format level1b			;# "rss", "level1b", or "1b"
set Resolution 12.5			;# kilometers
set MinScans 32				;# min number of scans to make an image
set DisableLimits true			;# take everything
set Radius 50.0				;# kilometers
Origin -9.42 159.97 			;# use the same origin for all images
SetFields 	ta19v ta19h ta22v ta37v ta37h ta85v ta85h

The 85 GHz channels on F-8 are frequently bad and so the raster plots will
show up as a solid color.  Even though all of the images are created with
12.5 km resolution, only the 85 GHz channels are actually sampled at that
resolution.  The low-frequency cells are about 25 km apart.

I've played around with plotting all three satellite platforms at once.
The effect looks pretty good, but it would be really cool if raster plots
supported transparency.  Maybe we should add a 'fill-byte' or
'transparent-byte' parameter to raster plots for setting the GC clip-mask,
or use OR for the logical function?  Wouldn't that be neat!

Configuration changes:

There is a module file, 'ssmi', to add to the modules directory, and a
generic ssmi plot component, 'p_ssmi', to add to the pd directory.  The
module file only contains a field menu, and the plot description is similar
to p_raster except for setting the middle menu to the module menu.  The
IconBar includes three submenus for the satellite icon menu.  Each submenu
selects one of the fields for one of the three satellites.  I added an icon
for each of the satellite names in the icons directory.

The defaults pd contains some generic center-step defaults for each of the
fields.  These are not tailored to each specific field, consequently some
of the plots show up with gaps from out-of-range values.

A quick display configuration is in ssmi.dc.

All of the stuff on tape is also under stout:/sfcd/ssmi.  The config
directory is also in stout:/sfcd/ssmi/config.tar.gz.

In the ingestor source directory, config/ssmi_ingest, the script which
processed the data files is ssmi.tcl.

P.S. Thank Dick for the tapes; I stole them from his office.

P.P.S Sorry this took so long.
